Simplify and fix example for the StackPanel vs DockPanel article (#1600)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/controls/how-to-choose-between-stackpanel-and-dockpanel.md

---

> # How to: Choose Between StackPanel and DockPanel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to: Choose between StackPanel and DockPanel
```

Although you can use either <xref:System.Windows.Controls.DockPanel> or <xref:System.Windows.Controls.StackPanel> to stack child elements, the two controls do not always produce the same results. For example, the order that you place child elements can affect the size of child elements in a <xref:System.Windows.Controls.DockPanel> but not in a <xref:System.Windows.Controls.StackPanel>. This different behavior occurs because <xref:System.Windows.Controls.StackPanel> measures in the direction of stacking at [Double.PositiveInfinity](xref:System.Double.PositiveInfinity); however, <xref:System.Windows.Controls.DockPanel> measures only the available size.

The examples in this article create a <xref:System.Windows.Controls.Grid> with two panels, which looks like the following image:

:::image type="content" source="./media/how-to-choose-between-stackpanel-and-dockpanel/example.png" alt-text="A grid with two panels and hearts.":::

## XAML example

> The following example demonstrates this key difference between <xref:System.Windows.Controls.DockPanel> and <xref:System.Windows.Controls.StackPanel> when designing a page in XAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates the key difference between <xref:System.Windows.Controls.DockPanel> and <xref:System.Windows.Controls.StackPanel> when designing a page in XAML.
```

Reviewer: "this key difference" didn't seem to be appropriate now that it doesn't follow immediately from where that difference is discussed.

:::code language="xaml" source="./snippets/how-to-choose-between-stackpanel-and-dockpanel/xaml/MainWindow.xaml" id="EmojiViewBox":::

## Code-based example

> The following example demonstrates this key difference between <xref:System.Windows.Controls.DockPanel> and <xref:System.Windows.Controls.StackPanel>. This code is run in the `Window.Loaded` event handler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates the key difference between <xref:System.Windows.Controls.DockPanel> and <xref:System.Windows.Controls.StackPanel>. This code is run in the `Window.Loaded` event handler:
```

> The following example demonstrates this key difference between <xref:System.Windows.Controls.DockPanel> and <xref:System.Windows.Controls.StackPanel> when setting the content of a `Window` during the `Window.Loaded` event:

Author: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates this key difference between <xref:System.Windows.Controls.DockPanel> and <xref:System.Windows.Controls.StackPanel>. This code is run in the `Window.Loaded` event handler:
```
